Major update: searchbox role (#13141)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/accessibility/aria/roles/searchbox_role/index.md

## Description

The `searchbox` can be used instead of [`textbox`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles/textbox_role) when the text box is within an element with role [`search`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles/search_role).  A `searchbox` is the semantic equivalent is HTML's {{HTMLElement('input')}} of type `search`,  [`<input type="search">`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/search), which should be used instead if possible.

The `searchbox` must have an accessible name. If the `searchbox` role is applied to an HTML {{HTMLElement('input')}} element, an associated {{HTMLElement('label')}} shoul be used. 
Otherwise, use [`aria-labelledby`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Attributes/aria-labelledby) if a visible label is present, or [`aria-label`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Attributes/aria-label) if a visible label is not present.

The screen reader will announce "search box", "search edit", or "search field" plus the accessible name. This can be redundant if "search" is included in the label. 

> The `searchbox` role should not be used with [`combobox`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles/combobox_role). 

Reviewer: How come?

Author: Removed sentence, because there is no documentation that I found saying it can't. My understanding is a the input in a searchbox can be a combobox if the input opens a listbox with possible terms. The article doesn't state that as an example, but if it can't be used that way, then we should update. otherwise, ok as is.

<div id="search-results"></div>
```

> Including `role="searchbox"` when the form is a `search` and the label indicates the element is a search can result in assistive technology announcing "search search this site search box", which is redundant. The inclusion of `role="searchbox"` is not necessary:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Including `role="searchbox"` when the form is a `search` and the label indicates the element is a search may result in assistive technology announcing something along the lines of "search search this site search box", which is redundant. The inclusion of `role="searchbox"` is not necessary:
```
